== COFFEEing

Find-a-Grind is an application designed to allow a user to input his/her current location and retrieve the names and addresses of 10 nearby coffee shops.

The experience is very simple: enter your location in the search bar, in the form of either a zip code or a city and/or state. Ten results will pop up, each containing a name and address, and the name will be a link to a Google Maps rendering of the location of the coffee shop.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.


Overview

Find-a-Grind is an application designed to allow a user to input his/her current location and retrieve the names and addresses of 10 nearby coffee shops.

The experience is very simple: enter your location in the search bar, in the form of either a zip code or a city and/or state. Ten results will pop up, each containing a name and address, and the name will be a link to a Google Maps rendering of the location of the coffee shop.

Check out the app here!

Technologies Used

Ruby 2.1.1
Ruby on Rails 4.1.1
jQuery
Yelp API
To-do List

Give the app the capacity to use a user's current location as the default location for the search.
Give the app the capacity to accept full addresses in the search bar.
Incorporate Google Maps/Google Geocoder.